doc/rst/module/ext/client/core/editor.rst, before:

.. _module_ext_client_core_editor:

editor
======

This sections contains module documentation of editor module.

Editor
^^^^^^

Class for Editor frame.

**Attributes** :

* _instance - instance reference
* _instance_created - bool, True if created
* _root - Gui instance reference
* _trn - Translator instance reference
* _config - Config instance reference
* _logger - Logger instance reference
* _explorer - Explorer instance reference
* _yoda_tree - YodaTree instance reference
* _nb - Notebook instance reference
* _var_show_line_number - bool, show line numbers in text
* _var_show_info_bar - bool, show info bar in text
* _win_goto - goto window
* _win_goto_entry - line entry
* _win_goto_btn - button goto
* _win_find - find window
* _win_find_entry - find string entry
* _win_find_find_all - findall checkbox
* _win_find_ignore_case - ignore case checkbox
* _win_find_regexp - regexp checkbox
* _win_find_btn - button find
* _win_replace - replace window
* _win_replace_find_entry - find string entry
* _win_replace_replace_entry - replace string entry
* _win_replace_replace_all - replace all checkbox
* _win_replace_ignore_case - ignore case checkbox
* _win_replace_regexp - regexp checkbox
* _win_replace_btn - button replace
* _font - font settings

**Properties (Getters)** :

* root - returns _root
* trn - returns _trn
* config - returns _config
* logger - returns _logger
* explorer - retunrs _explorer
* yoda_tree - returns _yoda_tree
* nb - returns _nb
* var_show_line_number - returns _var_show_line_number
* var_show_info_bar - returns _var_show_info_bar
* font - returns _font

**Methods** :

* __init__

Constructor, singleton pattern. Initialize references and GUI, parse configuration.

* get_instance

Returns instance reference, singleton pattern.

* _parse_config

Method parses configuration, show line numbers, show info bar, font.

* _set_gui

Method initializes GUI, notebook.

* new_file

Method open new empty tab.

* open_file

Methods read file chosen in dialog, opens new tab with file content and registers file in yoda tree.
If file is already open, the tab is only selected.

* save_as_file

Methods asks for file name via dialog and stores current tab content to file.

* save_file

Methods stores current tab content to file. If file is new, Save as dialog is displayed.

* undo

Method updates current tab content 1 step back.

* redo

Method updates current tab content 1 step forward.

* cut

Method deletes selected text and stores it to clipboard.

* copy

Method stores selected text to clipboard.

* paste

Method writes text from clipboard.

* delete

Method deletes selected text.

* select_all

Method selects whole text content.

* save_tabs

Method asks for saving tabs which have not saved changes.

* show_line_number

Method shows or hides line numbers for all tabs according to setting. Configuration is updated.

* show_info_bar

Method shows or hides info bar for all tabs according to setting. Configuration is updated.

* win_goto

Method displays Goto window, textfield.

* _goto

Method highlights requested line from goto window.

* win_find

Method displays Find window, textfield, checkboxes.

* _find

Method searches for requested string from find window and highlights the occurrences.

* win_replace

Method displays Replace window, textfields, checkboxes.

* _replace

Method searches for requested string from replace window. Found occurrences are replaced and highlighted.

* increase_font

Method sets higher font size for all tabs.

* decrease_font

Method sets lower font size for all tabs.

* on_tab_changed

Method updates yoda tree when tab is changed. If current tab contains jedi file, tree is displayed. Otherwise tree is empty.

* refresh_yoda_tree

Method refreshes yoda tree structure.

Commit message:

Added - drag and drop functions (move file/dir, open file, swap tabs)       - image tab to display GIT images

doc/rst/module/ext/client/core/editor.rst, after:

.. _module_ext_client_core_editor:

editor
======

This sections contains module documentation of editor module.

Editor
^^^^^^

Class for Editor frame.

**Attributes** :

* _instance - instance reference
* _instance_created - bool, True if created
* _root - Gui instance reference
* _trn - Translator instance reference
* _config - Config instance reference
* _logger - Logger instance reference
* _explorer - Explorer instance reference
* _yoda_tree - YodaTree instance reference
* _nb - Notebook instance reference
* _var_show_line_number - bool, show line numbers in text
* _var_show_info_bar - bool, show info bar in text
* _win_goto - goto window
* _win_goto_entry - line entry
* _win_goto_btn - button goto
* _win_find - find window
* _win_find_entry - find string entry
* _win_find_find_all - findall checkbox
* _win_find_ignore_case - ignore case checkbox
* _win_find_regexp - regexp checkbox
* _win_find_btn - button find
* _win_replace - replace window
* _win_replace_find_entry - find string entry
* _win_replace_replace_entry - replace string entry
* _win_replace_replace_all - replace all checkbox
* _win_replace_ignore_case - ignore case checkbox
* _win_replace_regexp - regexp checkbox
* _win_replace_btn - button replace
* _font - font settings

**Properties (Getters)** :

* root - returns _root
* trn - returns _trn
* config - returns _config
* logger - returns _logger
* explorer - retunrs _explorer
* yoda_tree - returns _yoda_tree
* nb - returns _nb
* var_show_line_number - returns _var_show_line_number
* var_show_info_bar - returns _var_show_info_bar
* font - returns _font

**Methods** :

* __init__

Constructor, singleton pattern. Initialize references and GUI, parse configuration.

* get_instance

Returns instance reference, singleton pattern.

* _parse_config

Method parses configuration, show line numbers, show info bar, font.

* _set_gui

Method initializes GUI, notebook.

* new_file

Method open new empty tab.

* open_file

Methods read file chosen in dialog, opens new tab with file content and registers file in yoda tree.
If file is already open, the tab is only selected.
Image files with GIF format are displayed in image tab.

* save_as_file

Methods asks for file name via dialog and stores current tab content to file.

* save_file

Methods stores current tab content to file. If file is new, Save as dialog is displayed.

* undo

Method updates current tab content 1 step back.

* redo

Method updates current tab content 1 step forward.

* cut

Method deletes selected text and stores it to clipboard.

* copy

Method stores selected text to clipboard.

* paste

Method writes text from clipboard.

* delete

Method deletes selected text.

* select_all

Method selects whole text content.

* save_tabs

Method asks for saving tabs which have not saved changes.

* show_line_number

Method shows or hides line numbers for all tabs according to setting. Configuration is updated.

* show_info_bar

Method shows or hides info bar for all tabs according to setting. Configuration is updated.

* win_goto

Method displays Goto window, textfield.

* _goto

Method highlights requested line from goto window.

* win_find

Method displays Find window, textfield, checkboxes.

* _find

Method searches for requested string from find window and highlights the occurrences.

* win_replace

Method displays Replace window, textfields, checkboxes.

* _replace

Method searches for requested string from replace window. Found occurrences are replaced and highlighted.

* increase_font

Method sets higher font size for all tabs.

* decrease_font

Method sets lower font size for all tabs.

* on_tab_changed

Method updates yoda tree when tab is changed. If current tab contains jedi file, tree is displayed. Otherwise tree is empty.

* refresh_yoda_tree

Method refreshes yoda tree structure.
